In the days of my youth, I was told what it means to be a man,
Now I've reached that age, I've tried to do all those things the best I can.
No matter how I try, I find my way into the same old jam.

Good Times, Bad Times, you know I've had my share
When my woman left home for a brown eyed man,
Well, I still don't seem to care.

Sixteen, I fell in love with a girl as sweet as could be,
It only took a couple of days 'til she was rid of me.
She swore that she would be all mine and love me till the end,
But when I whispered in her ear, I lost another friend, oooh.



I know what it means to be alone, I sure do wish I was at home.
I don't care what the neighbors say, I'm gonna love you each and every day.
You can feel the beat within my heart.
Realize, sweet babe, we ain't ever gonna part.Babe, baby, baby, I'm Gonna Leave You.
I said baby, you know I'm gonna leave you.
I'll leave you in the summertime,
Leave you when the summer comes a-rollin'
Leave you when the summer comes along.

Babe, babe, babe, babe, babe, babe,
Baby, baby, I wanna leave you.
I ain't jokin' woman, I got to ramble.
Oh, yeah, baby, baby, I believin',
We really got to ramble.
I can hear it callin' me the way it used to do,
I can hear it callin' me back home!

Babe, oh, babe... I'm gonna leave you
Oh, baby, you know, I've really got to leave you
Oh, I can hear it callin 'me
I said don't you hear it callin' me the way it used to do? Ooooh

I know, I know, I know I never, never, never, never, never gonna leave you, babe
But I got to go away from this place,
I've got to quit you, yeah
Ooh, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, ooh, don't you hear it callin' me?
Oh, woman, woman, I know, I know
It feels good to have you back again
And I know that one day, baby, it's gonna really grow, yes it is.
We gonna go walkin' through the park every day.
Come what may, every day, ooh

My my my my my, my babe.
I'm gonna leave you, go away...
... Oh I miss you, baby

It was really, really good.
You made me happy every single day.
But now... I've got to go away! Oh, oh, oh.

Baby, baby, baby
That's when it's callin' me
I said that's when it's callin' me back home...You know you shook me. You shook me all night long.
You know you shook me, baby. You shook me all night long.
You shook me so hard, baby. Baby, baby, please come home.

I have a bird that whistles and I have birds that sing. [x2]
I have a babe, won't do nothing... oh, oh, buy a diamond ring.

You know you shook me, babe. You shook me all night long.
I know you really, really did, babe.
I said you shook me, baby. You shook me all night long.
You shook me so hard, baby.
Babe, you shook me all, all, all, all, all, all, all, all night long.Been dazed and confused for so long it's not true.
Wanted a woman, never bargained for you.
Lots of people talkin', few of them know
Soul of a woman was created below, yeah.

You hurt and abuse tellin' all of your lies.
Run 'round sweet baby, Lord how they hypnotize.
Sweet little baby, I don't know where you've been.
Gonna love you baby, here I come again.

Ev'ry day I work so hard bringin' home my hard-earned pay.
Try to love you baby, but you push me away.
Don't know where you're goin', I don't know just where you've been
Sweet little baby, I want you again.

Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah.
Oh, yeah! Alright!
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah.
Oh don't leave me so confused, no! Oh, baby!

Been dazed and confused for so long, it's not true,
Wanted a woman never bargained for you.
Take it easy baby, let them say what they will.
(Will your) tongue wag so much when I send you the bill?

Ooh, yeah! Alright!
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh,
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.Lyin', cheatin', hurtin, that's all you seem to do. 
Messin' around with every guy in town, 
Puttin' me down for thinkin' of someone new. 
Always the same, playin' your game, 
Drive me insane, trouble is gonna come to you, 
One of these days and it won't be long, 
You'll look for me but baby, I'll be gone. 
This is all I gotta say to you woman: 


Your Time Is Gonna Come [X4]

Made up my mind to break you this time, 
Won't be so fine, it's my turn to cry. 
Do what you want, I won't take the brunt. 
It's fadin' away, can't feel you anymore. 
Don't care what you say 'cause I'm goin' away to stay, 
Gonna make you pay for that great big hole in my heart. 
People talkin' all around, 
Watch out woman, no longer 
Is the joke gonna be on my heart. 
You been bad to me woman, 
But it's coming back home to you. 

Hey, girl, stop what you're doin'! 
Hey, girl, you'll drive me to ruin. 
I don't know what it is that I like about you, but I like it a lot. 
Won't let me hold you, Let me feel your lovin' charms. 


Communication Breakdown, It's always the same, 
I'm having a nervous breakdown, Drive me insane! 

Hey, girl, I got something I think you ought to know. 
Hey, babe, I wanna tell you that I love you so. 
I wanna hold you in my arms, yeah! 
I'm never gonna let you go,'Cause I like your charms. 

 
I Can't Quit You, Baby, so I'm gonna put you down for awhile.
I said, I can't quit you, baby, I guess I gotta put you down for awhile.
Said you messed up my happy home, made me mistreat my only child.

Said you know I love you, baby, my love for you I could never hide.
Oh, you know I love you, baby, my love for you I could never hide.
When I feel you near me little girl, I know you are my one desire.

[x2:]
When you hear me moaning and groaning, baby
You know it hurts me deep down inside.

Oh, when you hear me holler baby, you know you're my one desire. Yes, you are.How Many More Times, treat me the way you wanna do? [x2]
When I give you all my love, please, please be true.

I'll give you all I've got to give, rings, pearls, and all. [x2]
I've got to get you together baby, I'm sure, sure you're gonna crawl.

I was a young man, I couldn't resist
Started thinkin' it over, just what I had missed.
Got me a girl and I kissed her and then and then...
Whoops, oh Lord, well I did it again.
Now I've got ten children of my own
I got another child on the way that makes eleven.
But I'm in constant heaven.
I know it's all right in my mind
'Cause I got a little schoolgirl and she's all mine
I can't get through to her 'cause it doesn't permit
But I'm gonna give her everything I've got to give.

Oh, Rosie, oh, girl. Oh, Rosie, oh, yeah.
Steal away now, steal away.
Steal away, baby, steal away.
Little Robert Anthony wants to come and play.
Why don't you come for me, baby, steal away, alright, alright.

Well they call me the hunter, that's my name.
Call me the hunter, that's how I got my fame.
Ain't no need to hide, Ain't no need to run.
'Cause I've got you in the sights of my... gun!

How Many More Times, barrelhouse all night long. [x2]
Well I've got to get to you, baby, oh, please come home.
Why don't you listen to me, babe.
Why don't you please come home? You need coolin', baby, I'm not foolin'
I'm gonna send you back to schoolin'
Way down inside, honey, you need it
I'm gonna give you my love
I'm gonna give you my love

Want a whole lotta love
Want a whole lotta love
Want a whole lotta love
Want a whole lotta love

You've been learnin', baby, I've been yearnin'
All them good times, baby, baby, I've been learnin'
Way, way down inside, honey, you need it
I'm gonna give you my love
I'm gonna give you my love

Want a whole lotta love
Want a whole lotta love
Want a whole lotta love
Want a whole lotta love

You've been coolin', baby, I've been droolin'
All the good times baby I've been misusin'
Way, way down inside, I'm gonna give you my love
I'm gonna give you every inch of my love
Gonna give you my love

Yeah! All right! Let's go

Want a whole lotta love
Want a whole lotta love
Want a whole lotta love
Want a whole lotta love

Way down inside... woman... you need... love

Shake for me, girl
I wanna be your backdoor man
Keep it coolin', baby
Keep it coolin', baby
Keep it coolin', baby
Keep it coolin', baby. And if I say to you tomorrow,
Take my hand, child, come with me.
It's to a castle I will take you,
Where what's to be, they say will be.

Catch the wind,
See us spin,
Sail away,
Leave today,
Way up high in the sky.

But the wind won't blow,
You really shouldn't go,
It only goes to show
That you will be mine
By takin' our time.

And if you say to me tomorrow,
Oh what fun it all would be.
Then what's to stop us, pretty baby,
But what is and what should never be.

Catch the wind,
See us spin,
Sail away,
Leave today,
Way up high
In the sky.

But the wind won't blow,
You really shouldn't go,
It only goes to show
That you will be mine
By takin' our time.

So if you wake up with the sunrise,
And all your dreams are still as new,
And happiness is what you need so bad,
Girl, the answer lies with you.

Catch the wind,
See us spin,
Sail away,
Leave today,
Way up high
In the sky.

But the wind won't blow,
You really shouldn't go,
It only goes to show
That you will be mine,
By takin' our time.

Oh the wind won't blow
And we really shouldn't go
And it only goes to show.

Catch the wind,
We're gonna see it spin,
We're gonna sail,
Leave today

Everybody I know seems to know me well
But they're never gonna know that I'm gonna move like hell.

Ah, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby.
Oh, I love ya!
Baby, baby, babe!
Oh, I love ya.

You know, know, know, know, know, know, come on now.I should have quit you long time ago, long time ago
I wouldn't be here, my children, down on this killin' floor

I should have listened, baby, to my second mind [2x]
Every time I go away and leave you, darling,
You send me the blues way down the line

Baby, yeah, treat me right, baby
My, my, my, my
I take it down little bit
Give it to me baby keep me satisfied
Tryna worry 'bout me, baby
But I'd never get you with myself
Keep on worrying baby,
Can't keep you satisfied
Let me tell you baby
You ain't nothing but a two-bit, no-good jive

I went to sleep last night,
I worked as hard as I can
I bring home my money,
You take my money, give it to another man

I should have quit you baby,
Oh such a long time ago
I wouldn't be here with all my troubles,
Down on this killing floor

Squeeze me baby,
'Til the juice runs down my leg, oh
Please, squeeze me baby,
Until the juice runs down my leg
The way you squeeze my lemon
I'm gonna fall right out of bed, bed, bed, babe yeah

Baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby
Hey, babe, babe, babe, babe

I'm gonna leave my children down on this killing floor If the sun refused to shine,
I would still be loving you.
When mountains crumble to the sea,
There will still be you and me.

Kind woman, I give you my all.
Kind woman, nothing more.

Little drops of rain
Whisper of the pain.
Tears of love lost in the days gone by.

My love is strong,
With you there is no wrong.
Together we shall go until we die.

My, my, my.

An inspiration's what you are to me.
Inspiration, look, see.

And so today my worldxe2x80x94it smiles,
Your hand in mine, we walk the miles,
Thanks to you it will be done,
For you to me are the only one.

Alright, yeah

Happiness: no more be sad,
Happiness: I'm glad.

If the sun refused to shine,
I would still be loving you.
Mountains crumble to the sea,
There will still be you and me.Hey fellas, have you heard the news?
You know that Annie's back in town?
It won't take long just watch and see how the fellas lay their money down.

Her style is new but the face is the same as it was so long ago,
But from her eyes a different smile like that of one who knows.

Well, it's been ten years and maybe more since I first set eyes on you.
The best years of my life gone by, here I am alone and blue.

Some people cry and some people die by the wicked ways of love
But I'll just keep on rollin' along with the grace from the Lord above.

People talkin' all around 'bout the way you left me flat,
I don't care what the people say, I know where their jive is at.

One thing I do have on my mind, if you can clarify please do,
It's the way you call me another guy's name when I try to make love to you.

I try to make love but it ain't no use.
Give it to me
Give it

Work so hard I couldn't unwind, get some money saved
Abuse my love a thousand times, however hard I tried.

Heartbreaker, your time has come, can't take your evil way
Go away, heartbreaker.

Heartbreaker!
Heartbreaker!
Heart! With a purple umbrella and a fifty cent hat,
Livin', lovin', she's just a woman.
Missus cool rides out in her aged Cadillac.
Livin', lovin', she's just a woman.

Come on, babe on the round-about,
Ride on the merry-go-round,
We all know what your name is,
So you better lay your money down.

Alimony, alimony payin' your bills,
Livin', lovin', she's just a woman.
When your conscience hits, you knock it back with pills.
Livin', lovin', she's just a woman.

Come on, babe on the round-about,
Ride on the merry-go-round,
We all know what your name is,
So you better lay your money down.

Tellin' tall tales of how it used to be.
Livin', lovin', she's just a woman.
With the butler and the maid and the servantry
Livin', lovin', she's just a woman.

Nobody hears a single word you say.
Livin', lovin', she's just a woman.
But you keep on talkin' 'til your dyin' day.
Livin', lovin', she's just a woman.

Come on, babe on the round-about,
Ride on the merry-go-round,
We all know what your name is,
So you better lay your money down.

Livin', lovin', she's just a woman.
Living, living, loving, loving, she's just a woman.
Li-li-li-li-li-living, loving-love-love, she's just a woman.Leaves are falling all around,
It's time I was on my way.
Thanks to you, I'm much obliged for such a pleasant stay.

But now it's time for me to go.
The autumn moon lights my way.
For now I smell the rain,
And with it pain,
And it's headed my way.

Sometimes I grow so tired,
But I know about one thing I got to do

Ramble on,
And now's the time, the time is now to sing my song.
I'm goin' 'round the world, I got to find my girl,
On my way.
I've been this way ten years to the day,
Ramble on,
Gotta find the queen of all my dreams.

Got no time for spreadin' roots,
The time has come to be gone.
And though our health we drank a thousand times,
It's time to ramble on

Ramble on,
And now's the time, the time is now to sing my song.
I'm goin' 'round the world, I got to find my girl,
On my way.
I've been this way ten years to the day,
I gotta ramble on,
I gotta find the queen of all my dreams.

I tell you no lie

Mine's a tale that can't be told,
My freedom I hold, dear.
How years ago in days of old,
When magic filled the air.

Just in the darkest depths of Mordor
I met a girl so fair.
But Gollum and the evil one
Crept up and slipped away with her, her, her, her, her, yeah.

I ain't nothing I can do no

I guess I'll keep on rambling.
I'm gonna sing my song.
I gotta find my baby.
I'm gonna ramble on, sing my song.
Gonna work my way, going round the world,
Baby, baby
Ramble on baby
Do do do do do my baby
Ramble on baby
Do do do do do my baby

I can't stop this feelin' in my heart
Every time I think of you I think us apart

I gotta keep searchin' for my baby.
I gotta keep a-searchin' for my baby.

I can't find my bluebird!
I listen to my bluebird sing,
But I, I can't find my bluebird!

I keep rambling.
I keep rambling. Baby, baby
I'm gonna bring it on home to you
I've got my ticket, got that load
Got up, gone higher, all aboard
Take my seat, right way back
I watch this train roll down the track
I'm gonna bring it on home
Bring it on home to you
Watch out, watch out, man move

Try to tell you, baby
What you tryin' to do?
Tryin' to love me, baby
Love some other men too

Bring it on home
Bring it on home

Went a little walk downtown,
Messed and got back late
Found a note there waiting,
It said, Daddy, I just can't wait.

Bring it on home
Bring it on home
Bring it back home
Bring it back home to me, baby

Tell you, pretty baby,
You love to mess me 'round
I'm gonna give you lovin', baby,
Gonna move you out of town

Bring it on home

Sweetest little baby daddy ever saw
I'm gonna give you lovin', baby,
I'm gonna give you more

Bring it on home
Bring it on home
Bring it on home
Alright

Bring it on home
Bring it on home to you Ah, ah

We come from the land of the ice and snow
From the midnight sun where the hot springs flow

The hammer of the gods will drive our ships to new land
To fight the horde and sing, and cry
Valhalla, I am coming

On we sweep with, with threshing oar
Our only goal will be the western shore

Ah, ah

We come from the land of the ice and snow
From the midnight sun where the hot springs flow

How soft your fields so green. Can whisper tales of gore
Of how we calmed the tides of war. We are your overlords

On we sweep with threshing oar
Our only goal will be the western shore

So now you'd better stop and rebuild all your ruins
For peace and trust can win the day despite of all your losing

Ooh. Ooh. Ooh. Ooh. Ooh
Ooh. Ah
Ooh. Ooh. Ooh. Ooh. Ooh
Ooh. Ooh. Ooh. Ooh Bright light almost blinding, black night still there shining,
I can't stop, keep on climbing, looking for what I knew.

Had a friend, she once told me, You got love, you ain't lonely, 
Now she's gone and left me only looking for what I knew.

Mmm, I'm telling you now, The greatest thing you ever can do now,
Is trade a smile with someone who's blue now, It's very easy just...

Met a man on the roadside crying, without a friend, there's no denying,
You're incomplete, they'll be no finding looking for what you knew.

So anytime somebody needs you, don't let them down, although it grieves you,
Some day you'll need someone like they do, looking for what you knew.

Mmm, I'm telling you now, The greatest thing you ever can do now,
Is trade a smile with someone who's blue now, It's very easy just...

I'm telling you now, the greatest thing you ever can do now,
Is trade a smile with someone who's blue now,

It's very easy... [x4] Her face is cracked from smiling, all the fears that she's been hiding, 
And it seems pretty soon everybody's gonna know. 
And her voice is sore from shouting, cheering winners who are losing, 
And she worries if their days are few and soon they'll have to go. 


My, my, my, I'm so happy, I'm gonna join the band, 
We are gonna dance and sing in celebration, We are in the promised land. 

She hears them talk of new ways to protect the home she lives in, 
Then she wonders what it's all about when they break down the door. 

Her name is Brown or White or Black, you know her very well, 
You hear her cries of mercy as the winners toll the bell. 


There is a train that leaves the station heading for your destination, 
But the price you pay to nowhere has increased a dollar more. 
Yes, it has! 
And if you walk you're gonna get there though it takes a little longer, 
And when you see it in the distance you will wring your hands and moan. Working from seven to eleven every night
Really makes the life a drag
I don't think that's right

I've really been the best, the best of fools
I did what I could
'Cause I love you, baby
How I love you, darling
How I love you, baby
My beloved little girl, little girl

But baby, since I've been loving you
I'm about to lose my worried mind

Everybody tryna tell me
That you didn't mean me no good
I've been trying
Lord, let me tell you
Let me tell you I really did the best I could

I've been, I've been working from seven to eleven every night
I said it kinda makes my life a drag, drag, drag, drag
Lord, that ain't right, no, no

Since I've been loving you
I'm about to lose my worried mind

Watch out!

Said I've been crying
Oh, my tears they fell like rain
Don't you hear them
Don't you hear them falling?
Don't you hear them
Don't you hear them falling?

Do you remember mama, when I knocked upon your door?
I said you had the nerve to tell me you didn't want me no more
I open my front door, I hear my back door slam
You know, I must have one of them new fangled, new fangled back-door man

I've been working from seven, seven, seven to eleven every night
It kinda make my life a drag, a drag, drag

Make me drag

Baby, since I've been loving you
I'm about to lose, I'm about to lose, lose my worried mind

And just one more, just one more

Since I've been loving you
I'm gonna lose my worried mind As I walk down the highway all I do is sing this song, 
And a train that's passin' my way helps the rhythm move along. 
There is no doubt about the words are clear, 
The voice is strong, is oh so strong. 

I'm just a simple guy, I live from day to day. 
A ray of sunshine melts my frown and blows my blues away, 
There's nothing more that I can say but on a day like today 
I pass the time away and walk a quiet mile with you. 


All I need from you is all your love, 
All you got to give to me is all your love, 
All I need from you is all your love, 
All you got to give to me is all your love. 
Oooh yeah, ooh yeah, ooh yeah, oh yeah. 

I'm so glad I'm living and gonna tell the world I am, 
I got me a fine woman and she says that I'm her man, 
One thing that I know for sure gonna give her all the loving 
Like nobody, nobody, nobody, nobody can. 

Standing in the noonday sun trying to flag a ride, 
People go and people come, see my rider right by my side, 
It's a total disgrace, they set the pace, it must be a race 
And the best thing I can do is run. 

 Hangman, hangman, hold it a little while,
I think I see my friends coming, Riding many a mile.
Friends, did you get some silver?
Did you get a little gold?
What did you bring me, my dear friends, To keep me from the Gallows Pole?
What did you bring me to keep me from the Gallows Pole?

I couldn't get no silver, I couldn't get no gold,
You know that we're too damn poor to keep you from the Gallows Pole.
Hangman, hangman, hold it a little while,
I think I see my brother coming, riding many a mile.
Brother, did you get me some silver?
Did you get a little gold?
What did you bring me, my brother, to keep me from the Gallows Pole?

Brother, I brought you some silver, yah
I brought a little gold, I brought a little of everything
To keep you from the Gallows Pole.
Yes, I brought you to keep you from the Gallows Pole.

Hangman, hangman, turn your head awhile,
I think I see my sister coming, riding many a mile, mile, mile, mile.
Sister, I implore you, take him by the hand,
Take him to some shady bower, save me from the wrath of this man,
Please take him, save me from the wrath of this mad man.

Hangman, hangman, upon your face a smile,
Tell me that I'm free to ride,
Ride for many a mile, mile, mile.

Oh, yes, you got a fine sister, She warmed my blood from cold,
She brought my blood to boiling hot, To keep you from the Gallows Pole, Pole, Pole, Pole, yeah, yeah
Your brother brought me silver, Your sister warmed my soul,
But now I laugh and pull so hard And see you swinging on the Gallows Pole, yah
But now I laugh and pull so hard And see you swinging on the Gallows Pole, Pole, Pole

Swingin' on the Gallows Pole! [x3]
Swingin' on the Gallows Pole, Pole, Pole, Pole, Pole, Pole, Pole, yeah Measuring a summer's day, I only finds it slips away to grey,
The hours, they bring me pain.


Tangerine, Tangerine, Living reflection from a dream
I was her love, she was my queen, And now a thousand years between.

Thinking how it used to be, Does she still remember times like these?
To think of us again? And I do.

 I don't know how I'm gonna tell you,
I can't play with you no more,
I don't know how I'm gonna do what mama told me,
My friend, the boy next door.
I can't believe what people saying,
You're gonna let your hair hang down,
I'm satisfied to sit here working all day long,
You're in the darker side of town.

And when I'm out I see you walking,
Why don't your eyes see me,
Could it be you've found another game to play,
What did mama say to me.

That's the way, oh,
That's the way it ought to be,
Yeah, yeah, mama say
That's the way it ought to stay.

And yesterday I saw you standing by the river,
And weren't those tears that filled your eyes,
And all the fish that lay in dirty water dying,
Had they got you hypnotized?

And yesterday I saw you kissing tiny flowers,
But all that lives is born to die.
And so I say to you that nothing really matters,
And all you do is stand and cry.

I don't know what to say about it,
When all you ears have turned away,
But now's the time to look and look again at what you see,
Is that the way it ought to stay?

That's the way...
That's the way it oughtta be
Oh don't you know now, mama said..
That's the way it's gonna stay, yeah. Ah, caught you smiling at me, that's the way it should be,
Like a leaf is to a tree, so fine.
Ah, all the good times we had, I sang love songs so glad
Always smiling, never sad so fine.

As we walk down a country lane, I'll be singing a song,
You hear me calling your name.
Hear the wind whisper in the trees telling Mother Nature 'bout you and me.

Well, if the sun shines so bright, or our way is darkest night,
The road we choose is always right, so fine.
Ah, can a love be so strong when so many loves go wrong?
Will our love go on and on, and on, and on, and on, and on?

As we walk down a country lane, while singing a song,
Hear me calling your name.
Hear the wind whisper in the trees, telling Mother Nature 'bout you and me.

My, my la de la come on now it ain't too far.
Tell your friends all around the world
Ain't no companion like a blue eyed merle.
Come on now, well let me tell you
What you're missing, messing round them brick walls.

So of one thing I am sure, it's a friendship so pure,
Angels singing all around my door so fine.
Yeah, ain't but one thing to do spend my nat'ral life with you,
You're the finest dog I knew so fine.

When you're old and your eyes are dim there ain't no old shep gonna happen again.
We'll still go walking down country lanes, I'll sing the same old song,
Hear me call your name. When I done quit hollerin' baby, I believe I'll shake 'em on down.
Get my baby, won't be late, You know by that I mean, ah, seconds late.
Aha, must I holler, Must I shake 'em on down?
Well I've done quit hollerin', baby, I believe I'll shake 'em on down. Shake!

Well, I ain't no monkey I can't climb no tree.
No brown skin woman gonna make no monkey out of me.
Yeah, I ain't no monkey, Sure can't climb no tree.
Ah, I've been mistreated, babe, I believe I'll shake 'em on down.
Well, I've been mistreated babe, I believe I'll shake 'em on down.

Listen Mama, Put on your mornin' gown',
Put in your nightshirt Mama, we gonna shake 'em down.
Must I holler? Must I, must I, must I shake 'em on down?
Ooh, I done been mistreated, baby, I believe I'll shake 'em on down.
Gave my baby twenty dollar bill,
If that don't shake her, Sure my shot-, shot-, shotgun will,
Yeah, I gave my baby twenty dollar bill.
Well, if that don't get that woman, I'm sure my shotgun will.

I'm gonna shoot her now. I got the key to the highway, and I'm billed out and bound to go,
I'm gonna keep on walkin' this highway, cause walkin' is most too slow.
I eat my breakfast, in California, I eat my dinner, in Carolina,
Wooh, I'm gonna keep on, keep on walkin' this highway, yeah,
'Till I reached the end of the line, walk on, yeah.

[Solo]

Show the movie, yeah, Lordy mama keeps on shining, shining,
And the good, good, good Lord, having a ball, 
Everybody knows my pain, a wantly bear,
He's to eat, and walk you Lord.

So trouble in mind, yeah,
Lordy mama I'm blue, yeah,
And I won't, I won't, I won't be blue, always
Oh yeah, the sun's gon' shine, sun gon' shine in my backdoor,
Some on rainy day, oh yeah. Hey, hey mama, said the way you move
Gonna make you sweat, gonna make you groove

Uh uh child, way you shake that thing
Gonna make you burn, gonna make you sting

Hey, hey, baby, when you walk that way
Watch your honey drip, can't keep away

Ah, yeah, ah, yeah, ah, ah, ah
Ah, yeah, ah, yeah, ah, ah, ah

I gotta roll, can't stand still
Got a flamin' heart, can't get my fill

Eyes that shine, burnin' red
Dreams of you all through my head

Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah

Hey hey, baby, oh, baby, pretty baby
Darlin' can't you do me now?

Hey, baby, oh, baby, pretty baby
Move me while you do me now

Didn't take too long 'fore I found out
What people mean by down and out

Spent my money, took my car
Started tellin' her friends she gonna be a star

I don't know, but I been told
A big legged woman ain't got no soul

Oh, yeah, oh, yeah, ah, ah, ah
Oh, yeah, oh, yeah, ah, ah, yeah

All I ask for, all I pray
Steady-loaded woman gonna come my way

Need a woman, gonna hold my hand
Will tell me no lies, make me a happy man

Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah

La-da ah e ah

Yes I will. And, yes, I really, really do, baby, baby, baby

I can really do you, huh? Ooh, wow, you do it, baby
Push it, baby, push it, baby, push it, baby, push it, baby
Push it, baby, push it, babe, babe
Ooh, ooh, aah ooh. Ooh. I'd really like to do it now
I'd really like to do it now It's been a long time since I rock-and-rolled.
It's been a long time since I did the Stroll.
Ooh, let me get it back, let me get it back, let me get it back, baby, where I come from.

It's been a long time, been a long time, been a long lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely time.

Yes, it has.

It's been a long time since the book of love.
I can't count the tears of a life with no love.
Carry me back, carry me back, carry me back, baby, where I come from.

It's been a long time, been a long time, been a long lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely time.

Seems so long since we walked in the moonlight,
Making vows that just can't work right.
Open your arms, open your arms, open your arms, baby, let my love come running in.

It's been a long time, been a long time, been a long lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely time.

It's been a long time, been a long time, been a long lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely time. The Queen of Light took her bow,
And then she turned to go,
The Prince of Peace embraced the gloom,
And walked the night alone.

Oh, dance in the dark of night,
Sing to the morning light.
The dark Lord rides in force tonight,
And time will tell us all.

Oh, throw down your plow and hoe,
Rest not to lock your homes.
Side by side we wait the might
Of the darkest of them all.

I hear the horses' thunder down in the valley below,
I'm waiting for the angels of Avalon, waiting for the eastern glow.

The apples of the valley hold the seeds of happiness,
The ground is rich from tender care,
Repay, do not forget, no, no.

Dance in the dark of night,
Sing to the morning light.
The apples turn to brown and black,
The tyrant's face is red.

Oh war is the common cry,
Pick up your swords and fly.
The sky is filled with good and bad
That mortals never know.

Oh, well, the night is long, the beads of time pass slow,
Tired eyes on the sunrise, waiting for the eastern glow.

The pain of war cannot exceed the woe of aftermath,
The drums will shake the castle wall,
The Ringwraiths ride in black, ride on.

Sing as you raise your bow,
(Ride on)
Shoot straighter than before.
No comfort has the fire at night
That lights the face so cold.

Oh dance in the dark of night,
Sing to the morning light.
The magic runes are writ in gold to bring the balance back.
Bring it back.

At last the sun is shining,
The clouds of blue roll by,
With flames from the dragon of darkness,
The sunlight blinds his eyes.

Bring it back, bring it back, bring it back, bring it back,
Bring it back, bring it back, bring it back, bring it back

Oh now oh now oh now oh, oh now oh now oh now
Bring it back, bring it back, bring it back, bring it back
Oh now oh now oh now oh, oh now oh now oh now
Bring it bring it bring it bring it bring it There's a lady who's sure all that glitters is gold
And she's buying a stairway to heaven.
When she gets there she knows, if the stores are all closed
With a word she can get what she came for.
Ooh, ooh, and she's buying a stairway to heaven.

There's a sign on the wall but she wants to be sure
'Cause you know sometimes words have two meanings.
In a tree by the brook, there's a songbird who sings,
Sometimes all of our thoughts are misgiven.

Ooh, it makes me wonder,
Ooh, it makes me wonder.

There's a feeling I get when I look to the west,
And my spirit is crying for leaving.
In my thoughts I have seen rings of smoke through the trees,
And the voices of those who stand looking.

Ooh, it makes me wonder,
Ooh, it really makes me wonder.

And it's whispered that soon, if we all call the tune,
Then the piper will lead us to reason.
And a new day will dawn for those who stand long,
And the forests will echo with laughter.

If there's a bustle in your hedgerow, don't be alarmed now,
It's just a spring clean for the May queen.
Yes, there are two paths you can go by, but in the long run
There's still time to change the road you're on.
And it makes me wonder.

Your head is humming and it won't go, in case you don't know,
The piper's calling you to join him,
Dear lady, can you hear the wind blow, and did you know
Your stairway lies on the whispering wind?

And as we wind on down the road
Our shadows taller than our soul.
There walks a lady we all know
Who shines white light and wants to show
How everything still turns to gold.
And if you listen very hard
The tune will come to you at last.
When all are one and one is all
To be a rock and not to roll.

And she's buying a stairway to heaven. Walkin' in the park just the other day, Baby, 
What do you, what do you think I saw? 
Crowds of people sittin' on the grass with flowers in their hair said, 
Hey, Boy, do you wanna score? 
And you know how it is 
I really don't know what time it was, woh, oh, 
So I asked them if I could stay awhile. 

I didn't notice but it had got very dark and I was really, 
Really out of my mind. 
Just then a policeman stepped up to me and asked us said, 
Please, hey, would we care to all get in line, 
Get in line. 
Well you know, They asked us to stay for tea and have some fun, 
Oh, oh, he said that his friends would all drop by, ooh. 

Why don't you take a good look at yourself and describe what you see, 
And Baby, Baby, Baby, do you like it? 
There you sit, sitting spare like a book on a shelf rustin' 
Ah, not trying to fight it. 
You really don't care if they're coming, oh, oh, 
I know that it's all a state of mind, ooh. 

If you go down in the streets today, Baby, you better, 
You better open your eyes. 
Folk down there really don't care, really don't care, don't care, really don't 
Which, which way the pressure lies, 
So I've decided what I'm gonna do now. 
So I'm packing my bags for the Misty Mountains 
Where the spirits go now, 
Over the hills where the spirits fly, ooh. 
I really don't know. One, two, three, four, five, six.
One, two, three.
One.

Oh, baby, it's cryin' time, 
Oh, baby, I got to fly.
Got to try to find a way, 
Got to try to get away,
'Cause you know I gotta get away from you, babe.

Oh, baby, the river's red, 
Oh, baby, in my head.
There's a funny feelin' goin' on. 
I don't think I can hold out long.

And when the owls cry in the night, 
Oh, baby, baby, when the pines begin to cry,
Baby, baby, baby, how do you feel? 
If the rivers run dry, baby, how would you feel?

Craze, baby, the rainbow's end, 
Mm, baby, it's just a den
For those who hide, 
Who hide their love to depths of life
And ruin dreams that we all knew so, babe.

And when the owls cry in the night, 
Oh, baby, baby, when the pines begin to cry,
Baby, baby, baby, how do you feel? 
If the rivers run dry, baby, how do you feel?

Baby, how do you feel?

Ooh yeah, brave I endure.
Ooh yeah, strong shields and lore.
They can't hold the wrath of those who walk,
And the boots of those who march,
Baby, through the roads of time so long ago. Spent my days with a woman unkind
Smoked my stuff and drank all my wine
Made up my mind to make a new start
Going to California with an aching in my heart

Someone told me there's a girl out there
With love in her eyes and flowers in her hair

Took my chances on a big jet plane
Never let them tell you that they're all the same
The sea was red and the sky was grey
Wondered how tomorrow could ever follow today

Mountains and the canyons start to tremble and shake
The children of the sun begin to awake
Watch out

Seems that the wrath
Of the Gods
Got a punch on the nose
And it started to flow
I think I might be sinking
Throw me a line
If I reach it in time
I'll meet you up there
Where the path runs straight
And high

To find a queen without a king
They say she plays guitar and cries and sings
Ride a white mare in the footsteps of dawn
Tryin' to find a woman who's never, never, never been born
Standing on a hill in the mountain of dreams
Telling myself it's not as hard, hard, hard as it seems If it keeps on rainin', levee's goin' to break
If it keeps on rainin', levee's goin' to break
When the levee breaks I'll have no place to stay

Mean old levee taught me to weep and moan
Mean old levee taught me to weep and moan
It's got what it takes to make a mountain man leave his home
Oh, well, oh, well, oh, well

Don't it make you feel bad
When you're tryin' to find your way home
You don't know which way to go?
If you're goin' down south
Then there's no work to do
If you re goin' north there's Chicago

Cryin' won't help you, prayin' won't do you no good
Now, cryin' won't help you, prayin' won't do you no good
When the levee breaks, mama, you got to move

All last night I sat on the levee and moaned
All last night sat on the levee and moaned
Thinkin' about my baby and my happy home

Going, I'm going to Chicago
Going to Chicago
Sorry but I can't take you
Going down... going down now
Going down... going down now
Going down
Going down
Going down

Going down
Going down now
Going down
Going down now

Going down
Going down now
Going down
Going down I had a dream. Crazy dream.
rnAnything I wanted to know, any place I needed to go

Hear my song. People won't you listen now? Sing along.
You don't know what you're missing now.
Any little song that you know
Everything that's small has to grow.
And it has to grow!

California sunlight, sweet Calcutta rain
Honolulu Starbright - the song remains the same.

Sing out Hare Hare, dance the Hoochie Koo.
City lights are oh so bright, as we go sliding... sliding... sliding through. It is the springtime of my loving - the second season I am to know
You are the sunlight in my growing - so little warmth I've felt before.
It isn't hard to feel me glowing - I watched the fire that grew so low.

It is the summer of my smiles - flee from me Keepers of the Gloom.
Speak to me only with your eyes. It is to you I give this tune.
Ain't so hard to recognize - These things are clear to all from time to time.

Talk, talk, talk, talk - I've felt the coldness of my winter
I never thought it would ever go. I cursed the gloom that set upon us, 'pon us, 'pon us...
But I know that I love you so. But I know that I love you so

These are the seasons of emotion and like the wind they rise and fall
This is the wonder of devotion - I see the torch we all must hold.
This is the mystery of the quotient, quotient - Upon us all, upon us all a little rain must fall.
It's just a little rain oh yeah Hey, lady, you got the love I need
Maybe more than enough.
Oh, darling, darling, darling, walk a while with me
You've got so much, so much, so much.

Many have I loved
Many times been bitten
Many times I've gazed
Along the open road.

Many times I've lied
Many times I've listened
Many times I've wondered
How much there is to know.

Many dreams come true
And some have silver linings
I live for my dream
And a pocketful of gold.

Mellow is a man
Who knows what he's been missing
Many many men
Can't see the open road.

Many is a word
That only leaves you guessing
Guessing 'bout a thing
You really ought to know.
Really ought to know.
I really ought to know.

You know I should.
You know I should.
You know I should. I wanna tell you bout my good thing 
I ain't disclosing no names but-- 
He sure is a good friend and! 
I ain't gonna tell you where he comes from, no! 
If I tell you you wont come again! Hey! 
I ain't gonna tell you nothin but I do will, but I know, yeah! 
I should do but I know now let me tell you bout my girl: 
Open up a newspaper and what do I see? Ahh, ah 
See my girl, ah, looking at me 
Ooh, And when she walks, Ooh, lemme tell ya: 
She walks and when she talks, she talks and 
When she looks at me in the eye 
She's my baby lord I wanna make her mine 
Tell me baby what you want me to do! 
You want me to love you, love some other man too? 
Ain't gonna call me Mr. pitiful, no! 
I don't need no respect from nobody... 

I ain't gonna tell you nothing I ain't gonna no more, no! 
She's my baby let me tell you that I love her so and 
And! She's the woman I really wanna love 
And let me tell you more, oooh! 
She's my baby she lives next door 
She's the one a woman the one a woman that I know. 
I ain't gonna... tell you one thing that you really ought to know ooh! 
She's my lover baby and I love her so and 
She's the one that really makes me whirl and twirl! 
And she's the kind of lover that makes me me fill the whole world and 
She's the one who really makes me jump and shout, ooh! 
She's the kind of girl--I know what it's all about! 
Take it take it 

Excuse me 
Oh will you excuse me 
I'm just trying to find the bridge... Has anybody seen the bridge? 

(Have you seen the bridge?) 
I ain't seen the bridge! 

(Where's that confounded bridge?) [spoken by Robert Plant] Dancing days are here again
Summer evenings grow
I got my flower
I got my power
I got a woman who knows

I said it's alright
You know it's alright
I guess it's all in my heart
You'll be my only
My one and only
Is that the way it should start?

Crazy ways are evident in the way you're wearing your clothes
Sippin' booze is precedent as the evening starts to glow

You know it's alright
I said it's alright
You know it's all in my heart
You'll be my only
My one and only
Is that the way it should start?
Dig

You told your mama I'd get you home
But you didn't say that I got no car
I saw a lion
He was standing alone
The tadpole in a jar

You know it's alright
I said it's alright
I guess it's all in my heart, heart, heart

You'll be my only
My one and only
Is that the way it should start?

So, dancing days are here again
As the summer evenings grow
You are my flower
You are my power
You are my woman who knows

I said it's alright
You know it's alright
You know it's all in my heart

You'll be my only, yes
My one and only, yes
Is that the way it should start?
I know it is now Oh oh oh oh oh
You don't have to go oh oh oh oh
You don't have to go oh oh oh oh
You don't have to go

Ay ay ay ay ay ay
All those tears I cry ay ay ay ay
All those tears I cry oh oh ay ay
Baby please don't go

When I read the letter you wrote me, it made me mad mad mad
When I read the words that it told me, it made me sad sad sad
But I still love you so, I can't let you go
I love you - ooh baby I love ya

Oh oh oh oh oh oh
Every breath I take oh oh oh oh
Aww, every move I make
Oh baby please don't go

Ay ay ay ay ay ay
You hurt me to my soul oh oh oh oh
You hurt me to my soul o-o-oh oh o-oh
Darling please don't go

When I read the letter you sent me, it made me mad mad mad
When I read the news that it broke, it made me sad sad sad
But I still love you so, and I can't let you go
I love you - ooh baby I love ya

Oh oh oh oh oh oh
You don't have to go oh oh oh oh
You don't have to go oh oh oh oh
Aww baby, babe please please please please

Uh-uh uh-uh uh-uh baby
Uh-uh I really love you baby
Ooh-ooh ooh-ooh ooh-ooh darling
Oh oh
Aw baby I still love you so
Aw baby I still love you so

Oh oh oh oh oh oh yeah (fire)
Ah ah ah ah ah ah oh (fire)
Ah ah ah ah ah
Ooooh (fire) yeah
Oh baby, baby Close the door, put out the light. 
No, they won't be home tonight. 

The snow falls hard and don't you know? 
The winds of Thor are blowing cold. 

They're wearing steel that's bright and true.
They carry news that must get through.

They choose the path where no-one goes. 

They hold no quarter. 
They hold no quarter.

Walking side by side with death,
The devil mocks their every step 

The snow drives back the foot that's slow.
The dogs of doom are howling more.

They carry news that must get through
To build a dream for me and you.

They choose the path where no-one goes. 

They hold no quarter.
They ask no quarter. 
They hold no quarter.
They ask no quarter. 

The pain, the pain without quarter. 
They ask no quarter. 
Without quarter, quarter, quarter. 
They give no quarter. 
The dogs of doom are howling more!
They give no quarter. 

I hear the dogs of doom are howling more! [Count-In: John Bonham] - We've done four already but now we're steady
and then they went: One, two, three, four

Singing in the sunshine, laughing in the rain
Hitting on the moonshine, rocking in the grain
Got no time to pack my bags, my foots outside the door
I got a date, I can't be late, for the high hopes hailla ball.

Singing to an ocean, I can hear the ocean's roar
Play for free, I play for me and play a whole lot more, more!
Singing about the good things and the sun that lights the day
I used to sing on the mountains, has the ocean lost its way.

I don't know.

Sitting round singing songs 'til the night turns into day
Used to sing about the mountains but the mountains washed away
Now I'm singing all my songs to the girl who won my heart
She is only three years old and it's a real fine way to start.

Oh yeah!

It sure is fine!
Ah blow my mind!
Oh when the tears are goin' down!
Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!

Ooh so good! Drop down, baby, let your daddy see.
Drop down, my lady, just dream of me
Well, my mama allow me to fool around all night long
Well, I may look like I'm crazy, I should know right from wrong

See me comin', throw your man outdoor
Ain't no stranger, done been this way before
See me comin', mama, I throw your man outdoor
I ain't no stranger, I been this way before.

Put on your night shirt and your morning gown
You know by night I'm gonna shake 'em on down
Put on your night shirt, mama, and your morning gown
Well, you know by night I'm sure gonna shake 'em on down
Shake it, shake it

Ooh, your custard pie, yeah, sweet and nice
When you cut it, mama, save me a slice
Your custard pie, yeah,
I declare you're sweet and nice like your custard pie
When you cut it, mama... mama, please save me a slice.

Oh
I chew on a piece of your custard pie. [4x]

Drop down [6x]

Chew on a piece of your custard pie. I've been to London
Seen seven wonders
I know to trip is just to fall
I used to rock it
Sometimes I'd roll it
I always knew what it was for

There can be no denyin'
That the wind'll shake 'em down
And the flat world's flying
And there's a new plague on the land

Just join hands
We could just join hands
If we could just join hands

Traversed the planet
When heaven sent me
I saw the kings who rule them all
Still by the firelight
And purple moonlight
I hear the rested rivers call

And the wind is crying
From a love that won't grow cold
My lover she is lying
On the dark side of the globe

Just join hands
We could just join hands
If we could just join hands

You got me rockin' when I ought to be a-rollin' darlin'
Tell me, darlin', which way to go
You keep me rockin' baby, then you keep me stolen
Won't you tell me darlin', which way to go
That's right

Oh how I wonder
Oh how I worry
And I would dearly like to know
I've all this wonder
Of earthly plunder
Will it leave us anything to show

And our time is flyin'
See the candle burning low
Is the new world rising
From the shambles of the old?

If we could just join hands
If we could just join hands
If we could just, if we could just, if we could just
If we could just, if we could just join hands
That's all it takes, that's all it takes
That's all it takes, that's all it takes In my time of dying, want nobody to mourn
All I want for you to do is take my body home

Well, well, well, so I can die easy 
Well, well, well, so I can die easy 

Jesus, gotta make up
You know
Jesus, gotta make up
Jesus, gonna make it my dyin' bed

Meet me, Jesus, meet me
Meet me in the middle of the air
If my wings should fail me, Lord
Oh, please meet me with another pair

Well, well, well, so I can die easy 
Well, well, well, so I can die easy 

Jesus, gonna make up
Somebody, somebody
Jesus gonna make up
Jesus gonna make it my dyin' bed

Oh, Saint Peter, at the gates of heaven
Won't you let me in
I never did no harm
I never did no wrong

Oh, Gabriel, let me blow your horn
Let me blow your horn
Oh, I never did, did no harm, did no harm

I've only been this young once
I never thought I'd do anybody no wrong
No, not once

Oh, I did somebody some good
Somebody some good

Oh, did somebody some good
I must have did somebody some good
Oh, I believe I did

I see the smiling faces
I know I must have left some traces

And I see them in the streets
And I see them in the field
And I hear them shouting under my feet
And I know it's got to be real

Oh, Lord, deliver me
All the wrong I've done
Oh, you can deliver me, Lord
I only wanted to have some fun

Oh, hear the angels marchin', hear the marchin', hear them marchin', hear them marchin', the' marchin'

Oh my Jesus [repeat]

I know got my Jesus
It's got to be my Jesus
It's got to be 
It's got to be my Jesus
It's got to be 
It's got to be my Jesus
Take me home

Come on, come on
I can hear the angels singing
Oh here they come, here they come, here they come

Bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye
Oh, feels pretty good up here
Pretty good up here
Oh, Georgina
Oh, Georgina
Oh, Georgina
Oh, Georgina

Ooh let's see it again
Come on
Take [repeat]
Oh, yes, come on

Oh, don't you make it my dyin', dyin', dyin' cough

That's gonna be the one, isn't it?
Come have a listen, then
Oh, yes, thank you Let me take you to the movies.
Can I take you to the show?
Let me be yours ever truly.
Can I make your garden grow?

From the houses of the holy
We can watch the white doves go.
From the door comes Satan's daughter.
And it only goes to show.
And you know.

There's an angel on my shoulder.
In my hand a sword of gold.
Let me wander in your garden.
And the seeds of love I'll sow.
You know.

So the world is spinning faster.
Are you dizzy when you stall?
Let the music be your master.
Will you heed the master's call?

Satan and man.

Said there ain't no use in crying
'Cause it will only, only drive you mad.
Does it hurt to hear them lying?
Was this the only world you had?

So let me take you, take you to the movie.
Can I take you, baby, to the show?
Why don't you let me be yours ever truly?
Can I make your garden grow?
You know that's right. Greasy slicked down body, groovy leather trim
I like the way you hold the road, mama, it ain't no sin

Talkin' 'bout love [X3]

Trouble-free transmission, helps your oil's flow
Mama, let me pump your gas, mama, let me do it all

Talkin' 'bout love [X3]

Dig that heavy metal underneath your hood
Baby, I could work all night, believe I've got the perfect tools

Talkin' 'bout love [X3]

A model built for comfort, really built with style
Specialist tradition, mama, let me feast my eyes

Talkin' 'bout love [X3]

Factory air-conditioned, heat begins to rise
Guaranteed to run for hours, mama it's a perfect size

Talkin' 'bout love [X3]

Groovin' on the freeway, gauge is on the red
Gun down on my gasoline, I believe I'm gonna crack a head.

Talkin' 'bout love [X3]
I can't stop talkin' about...

Come to me for service every hundred miles
Baby, let me check your points, fix your overdrive

Talkin' 'bout love [X3]

Fully automatic, comes in any size
Makes me wonder what I did, before we synchronized

Talkin' 'bout love [X3]

Feather-light suspension, Koni's couldn't hold
I'm so glad I took a look inside your showroom doors

Talkin' 'bout love [X3]

Oh, I can't stop talkin' about love. Oh, let the sun beat down upon my face
With stars to fill my dream
I am a traveler of both time and space
To be where I have been

Sit with elders of the gentle race
This world has seldom seen
Talk of days for which they sit and wait
And all will be revealed

Talk and song from tongues of lilting grace
Sounds caress my ear
But not a word I heard could I relate
The story was quite clear

Ooh, baby, I've been flying
No, yeah, mama, there ain't no denyin'
Ooh, yeah, I've been flying
Mama, mama, ain't no denyin', no denyin'

All I see turns to brown
As the sun burns the ground
And my eyes fill with sand
As I scan this wasted land
Trying to find, trying to find where I've been

Oh, pilot of the storm who leaves no trace
Like thoughts inside a dream
Heed the path that led me to that place
Yellow desert stream

My Shangri-La beneath the summer moon
I will return again
Sure as the dust that floats high in June
When movin' through Kashmir

Oh, father of the four winds, fill my sails
Across the sea of years
With no provision but an open face
Along the straits of fear

When I'm on, when I'm on my way
When I see, when I see the way, you stay

When I'm down
When I'm down, so down
Ooh, my baby, ooh, my baby, let me take you there
Come on, come on
Let me take you there, let me take you there And if you feel that you can't go on. And your will's sinkin' low
Just believe and you can't go wrong.
In the light you will find the road. You will find the road

Oh, did you ever believe that I could leave you, standing out in the cold
I know how it feels 'cause I have slipped through to the very depths of my soul.
Baby, I just want to show you what a clear view it is from every bend in the road.
Now listen to me
Oh, whoa-whoa, as I was and really would be for you, too, honey
As you would for me, oh, I would share your load.
Let me share your load. Ooh, let me share, share your load

And if you feel that you can't go on
In the light you will find the road

Though the winds of change may blow around you, but that will always be so
When love is pain it can devour you, if you are never alone
I would share your load. I would share your load
Baby, let me, oh, let me

In the light
Everybody needs the light.
In the light, in the light, in the light

Light, light, light, in the light
Light, light, light, in the light, ooh, yeah
Light, light, light, in the light Down by the seaside. See the boats go sailin' 
Can the people hear, What the little fish are sayin' 

Oh, oh, the people turned away. Oh, the people turned away 

Down in the city streets, see all the folk go racin', racin' 
No time left, to pass the time of day 

The people turned away. The people turned away 
So far away, so far away 

See how they run, see how they run, see how they run, see how they run. 

Do you still do the twist 
Do you find you remember things that well 
I wanna tell you... Some go twistin' every day 
though sometimes it's awful hard to tell 

Out in the country, hear the people singin' 
Singin' 'bout their progress, knowin' where they're goin' 

Oh, oh, oh, oh, the people turned away 
Yes, the people turned away 
Sing loud for the sunshine, pray hard for the rain 
And show your love for Lady Nature. And she will come back again 
The people turned away 
The people turned away Then as it was, then again it will be
And though the course may change sometimes
Rivers always reach the sea

Blind stars of fortune, each have several rays
On the wings of maybe, downy birds of prey
Kind of makes me feel sometimes, didn't have to grow
But as the eagle leaves the nest, got so far to go

Changes fill my time, baby, that's alright with me
In the midst I think of you, and how it used to be

Did you ever really need somebody
And really need 'em bad?
Did you ever really want somebody
The best love you ever had?

Do you ever remember me, baby,
Did it feel so good?
'Cause it was just the first time,
And you knew you would

Dewy eyes now sparkle, senses growing keen
Taste your love along the way, see your feathers preen
Kind of makes me feel sometimes, didn't have to grow
We are eagles of one nest, the nest is in our soul

Vixen in my dreams, with great surprise to me
I never thought I'd see your face the way it used to be
Oh, darlin', oh, darlin'
Oh, darlin', oh, darlin'

I'm never gonna leave you.
I'm never gonna leave
Holdin' on,
Ten years gone
Holdin' on,
Ten years gone,
Ten years gone,
Holdin' on,
Ten years gone
I'm never
I'm never
I'm never I received a message from my brother across the water 
He sat laughin' as he wrote the end's in sight 
So I said goodbye to all my friends 
And packed my hopes inside a matchbox 
'Cause I know it's time to fly 

Come on, meet me in the morning, Meet me in the middle of the night 
The morning light is comin', don't it make you wanna go and feel alright 

I just jumped a train that never stops, 
So now somehow I'll know I never finished payin' for my ride 
Just n' someone pushed a gun into my hand 
Tell me I'm the type of man to fight the fight that I'll require 

Come on, meet me in the morning, Meet me in the middle of the night 
The morning light is comin', don't it make you wanna go and feel alright 

Oh, mama, well I think it's time I'm leavin' 
Nothin' here to make me stay 
Whoa, mama, well it must be time I'm goin' 
They're knockin' down them doors 
They're tryin' to take me away 

Please Mr. Brakeman, won't you ring your bell. And ring loud and clear 
Please Mr. Fireman, won't you ring your bell 
Tell the people they got to fly away from here 

I once saw a picture of a lady with a baby 
Southern lady, had a very, very special smile 
We are in the middle of a change in destination 
When the train stops, all together we will smile 
Oh, meet me in the morning. 
Won't you meet me in the middle of the night, night, night 
Everybody know the mornin' time is comin' 
Don't it make you wanna feel alright. Ah, ah, yeah 
Make me feel alright. Fly now, baby 
Get to fly, yeah. Fly now, baby Silent woman in the night, you came, Took my seed from my shaking frame. 
Same old fire, another flame, And the wheel rolls on. 

Silent woman through the flames, you come, From the deep behind the sun 
Seems my nightmares, have just begun 
Left me barely holding on. 

With blazing eyes you see my trembling hand. 
When we know the time has come 
Lose my senses, lose command 
Feel your healing rivers run 

Is it every time I fall, That I think this is the one 
In the darkness can you hear me call 
Another day has just begun. 

Silent woman, my face is changed 
Some know in ways to come. 
Feel my fire needs a brand new flame 
And the wheels rolls on.... rolls on. Been in town, my baby, We just got to rock on 
Yeah, darling, we just got to go home 
I don't want no tutti-frutti, no lollipop 
Come on, baby, just rock, rock, rock. 

Yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah, honey 
We've been shakin' all night 
Oh, darlin', we just got to roll right 
Ooh, my head... rock on. 

Hey babe, hey babe [repeat]

I don't want no tutti-frutti, no lollipop 
Come on baby, just rock, rock, rock. [Studio Chatter:] Shall we roll it, Jimmy? 
(We're rolling on, what, one?) 
(No, one again?) 
(- Airplane heard flying overhead - Got to get this airplane off.) 
(Naw, leave it, yeah.) 

Hey, hey, mama, what's the matter here [X2]
You didn't have to tell me that you love me so 
You didn't have to love me, mama, let me go 
Hey, hey, mama, what's the matter here 
You didn't have to make me a total disgrace 
You didn't have to leave me with that beer in my face 
Hey, hey, mama, what's the matter here 
That's alright, it's awful dog-gone clear. 

Hey, hey, baby, why you treat me mean [X2]
You didn't have to crucify me like you did 
You didn't have to tell me I was just your kid 
Hey, hey, mama, why'd you treat me mean 
You didn't have say you'd always be by my side 
Y' didn't have to tell me you'd be my blushin' bride 
Hey, hey, mama, why you treat me mean 
But that's alright, I know your sisters, too 

You didn't have to tell me that you love me so 
You didn't have to leave me, mama, let me go 
Hey, hey, mama, what is wrong with you 
You didn't have to leave me like a total disgrace 
You didn't have to leave me with that beer on my face 
Hey, hey, mama, what is wrong with you 
But that's alright, I'd be the same way, too 

You didn't have to crucify me like you did 
You didn't have to tell me I was just your kid 
Hey, hey, mama, what's the matter here 
You didn't have to tell me you would be my own 
You didn't have to tell me, baby, let me go 
Hey, hey, mama, what is wrong with you 
That's alright, I know your sister, too. 
What's the matter with you, mama From the window of your rented limousine, I saw your pretty blue eyes 
One day soon you're gonna reach sixteen, Painted lady in the city of lies. 

Oh, do you know my name? Do I look the same 
You know I'm the one you want. I must be the one you need, yeah 

Clutching pages from your teenage dream In the lobby of the Hotel Paradise 
Through the circus of the L.A. queens. How fast your learn the downhill side 

Oh, do you know my name? Do I look the same 
You know I'm the one you want. I must be the one you need,. 

Lips like cherries and the brow of a queen, Come on, flash it in my eyes 
Said you dug me since you were thirteen,Then you giggle as you heave and sigh. 

Oh, do you know my name? Do I look the same 
You know I'm the one you want. I must be the one you need. 

Hours, hours, and the moments in between, Oh, baby, I couldn't count the times 
the fun of comin', oh the pain in leavin', Baby, dry those silver eyes 

Oh, do you know my name? Do I look the same 
You know I'm the one you want. I must be the one you need, 

Ooh, that's right. It was an April morning when they told us we should go
And as I turned to you, you smiled at me
How could we say no?

With all the fun to have, to live the dreams we always had
Whoa, the songs to sing when we at last return again

Sending off a glancing kiss to those who claim they know
Below the streets that steam and hiss
The devil is in his hole

Oh to sail away to sandy lands and other days
Oh to touch the dream, hides inside and never seen

Into the sun the south the north, at last the birds have flown
The shackles of commitments fell in pieces on the ground

Oh to ride the wind, to tread the air above the din
Oh to laugh aloud, dancing as we fought the crowd

To seek the man whose pointing hand
The giant step unfolds
To guide us from the curving path
That turns our feet to stone

If one bell should ring in celebration for a king
So fast the heart should beat as proud the head with heavy feet

Days went by when you and I bathed in eternal summer's glow
As far away and distant our mutual child did grow

Oh the sweet refrain soothes the soul and calms the pain
Oh Albion remains, sleeping now to rise again

Wondering and wandering
What place to rest the search
The mighty arms of Atlas hold the heavens from the earth

The mighty arms of Atlas hold the heavens from the earth
From the earth

I know the way, know the way, know the way, know the way

Oh the mighty arms of Atlas hold the heavens from the earth You said I was the only, With my lemon in your hand 
Exhibition is your habit, Emotion second hand. 
Had to pull away to save me, Maybe next time around 
And she said, 'don't you want it? 
Don't you want cocaine-cocaine-cocaine 
Hadn't planned to, could not stand to try it, fry it, na na na yeah.

Heard a cry for mercy, In the city of the damned 
Oh oh babe, damned. Down in the pits you go no lower
The next stop's underground.  Oh, hello underground.
Wine and roses ain't quite over, fate deals a losing hand
And I said: didn't mean to... did not mean to fail 
You didn't plan it, you over-ran it 

You wanna do it, you wanna 
You wanna do it when you wanna 
You wanna do it, do it when you wanna 

When you blow it, babe, You got to blow it right 
Oh baby, if you fake it, mama, Baby, fake with all your might 
When you fake it, mama, Please fake it right  (for yourself babe)

When you fake it baby,
You're fakin' it for your life, for your life, for your life, for your life 
Do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, Do it when you wanna 
Do it, do it, do it, Do it when you wanna 

Oh, I can have you, baby, But I don't know what to do, yeah 
Sometime, baby, nothin' I could do 
On the balance of a crystal, Payin' through the nose 
And when they couldn't resist you, I thought you'd go with the flow.

And now your stage is empty, bring down the curtain, baby please. 
Fold up your show 
Hadn't planned to, Could not stand to fry in it
Hadn't planned it, I over-ran it, (fryin) 
For your life, For your life. One time love, take care how you use it 
Try to make it last all night, And if you take your pick 
Be careful how you choose it, Sometimes its hard to feel it bite 
Feel it bite. 

A man I know, went down to Louisiana, 
had himself a bad, bad fight 
And when the sun peeked through 
John Cameron with Suzanna,
He kissed the whiskers, left and right 
Whiskers! 

Now, now, now, fright subsides 
Out at a hotel in the quarter, our friends check in to pass the night
Now love gets hot, but fire preceded water
Poor whiskers set the room alight.
Whiskers! 

Down on Bourbon street, You know it's right 
You can see my friend, they run around all through the night 
Most everywhere, Until the closet's bare 
Run for the razor, Doin' up my hair 

New Orleans queens, Sure know how to schmooze it 
Maybe for some that seems alright 
When I step out, strut down with my sugar 
She'd best not talk like Barry White! 

One time love, take care how you use it 
Try to make it last all night, And if you take your pick 
Be careful how you choose it, Sometimes its hard to feel it bite 
Feel it bite. Nobody's fault but mine [X2]
Trying to save my soul tonight
It's nobody's fault but mine

Devil he told me to roll [X2]
How to roll the log tonight
Nobody's fault but mine

Brother he showed me the gong
Brother he showed me the ding dong ding dong
How to kick that gong to light
Oh, it's nobody's fault but mine

Got a monkey on my back. [X2]
Gonna change my ways tonight
Nobody's fault but mine

I will get down rollin' tonight
Nobody's fault Well... Oh baby baby. Don't you want a man like me? 
Oh baby baby, I'm just as sweet as anybody could be 
Oh baby baby, I want to look to your eyes, of blue 
Oh baby baby, It's more than anybody else could do 

Well... Oh baby baby. You know when I see you walkin down the street 
Oh baby baby, Well you lookin good enough to eat 
Oh baby baby, I dont believe I've tasted this before 
Oh baby baby, I want it now 
And every mouthfull more of you. 

Talk about you, Yeah. 

Oh baby baby, You know that I wanted it more 
Oh baby baby, I'm about to kiss goodbye to this store 
Oh baby baby, It ain't the wrapping that sells the goods 
Oh baby baby, I got a sweet tooth when my mouth is full of you. 

Ooh baby oh baby its alright, its alright 
Ohh baby its alright...its alright 

Well, oh baby, baby, oh you sting like a bee
Oh baby, baby, I like your honey and it sure likes me
Oh baby, baby, I got my spoon inside your jar
Oh baby, baby, don't give me too much, don't make me starve

Oh baby, baby, sugar sister on a silver plate
Oh baby, baby, I need a mouthful and I just can't wait
Oh baby, baby, see the shaking in my hand
Oh baby, baby, don't mean to fumble but it tastes so grand
Tastes so grand, tastes so grand, baby it's alright 

Oh baby it's alright, oh it's alright 
It's alright... [repeat] I was burned in the heat of the moment, 
Though it couldn't have been the heat of the day 
When I learned how my time had been wasted, 
(And a) tear fell as I turned away

Now I've got friends who will give me their shoulder, 
Event I should happen to fall
Time and his bride growing older 
I've got friends who will give me fuck all 

(On the) corner of Bleeker and nowhere 
In the land of not quite day 
A shiver runs down my backbone 
Face in the mirror turns grey

So (I) looked round to hitch up the reindeer
Searching hard trying to brighten the day
I turned around to look for the snowman 
To my surprise he'd melted away. 

As the moon and the stars call the order
Inside my tides dance the ebb and sway
The sun in my soul's sinking lower
While the hope in my hands turns to clay 
I don't ask that my field's full of clover
I don't moan at opportunity's door
And if you ask my advice, take it slower
Then your story'd be your finest reward. 

Lost on the path to attainment 
Search in the eyes of the wise 
When I bled from the heart of the matter 
I started bleeding without a disguise 

Now everything's fine under heaven
Now and then you've got to take time to pause 
When you're down on the ground, don't be messin' around 
Or you'll land in a boat without oars 
Hey babe, Hey babe, Hey babe, 
I lost my way. 

Hey babe, Hey babe, 
I don't know where I'm gonna find it. 

Hey babe, Hey babe, 
Do you wanna know, 
Do you really, really, wanna help me, yeah? 

Let me tell you now, babe 
Let me tell you 
That it feels so good that it must be right 

Now my babe, 
Let me tell you 
That it feels so good that it must be right... How come twenty four hours, Baby sometimes seem to slip into days? 
Oh twenty-four hours, Baby sometimes seem to slip into days 
A minute seems like a lifetime, baby when I feel this way 
Sittin, lookin at the clock, time moves so slow 
I've been watchin for the hands to move 
Until I just can't look no more 
How come twenty four hours, Baby sometimes seems to slip into days? 
A minute seems like a lifetime, Baby when I feel this way. 

To sing a song for you, I recall you used to say 
Oh baby this one's for we two, Which in the end is you anyway 

How come twenty four hours, Baby sometimes slip into days? 
A minute seems like a lifetime, baby when I feel this way. 

There was a time that I stood tall, In the eyes of other men 
But by my own choice I left you woman, And now I can't get back again 

How come twenty-four hours, sometimes slip into days? 
A minute seems like a lifetime, Baby when I feel this way 
A minute seems like a lifetime 
When I feel this way...I feel this way In the evening, When the day is done 
I'm looking for a woman, but the girl don't come 
So don't let her, Play you for a fool 
She don't show no pity baby, she don't make no rules 
 Oh, oh, I need your love, I need your love 
Oh, I need your love, I just got to have 

So don't you let her, Oh, get under your skin 
It's only bad luck and trouble, From the day that you begin 
I hear you crying in the darkness, Don't ask nobody's help 
Ain't no pockets full of mercy baby, Cause you can only blame yourself 



Oh it's simple, All the pain that you go through 
You can turn away from fortune, fortune, Cause that's all that's left to you 
It's lonely at the bottom, Man, it's dizzy at the top 
But if you're standing in the middle, Ain't no way you're gonna stop 



Oh whatever that your days may bring 
No use hiding in a corner, Cause that won't change a thing 
If you're dancing in the doldrums, One day soon, it's got to stop, it's got to stop 
When you're the master of the off-chance, When you don't expect a lot 

 Baby, when you walk that sweet walk
Oh, you walk it good, yes you walk it good
Baby, when you talk that sweet talk
Oh, it sounds so good, oh so good

With a little bit of concentration
And a little bit of helpin' hands, yeah
And a little bit of raving madness
You know it makes me feel, baby
Both my feet are back on the ground

And when the rhythm takes me
It feels so good, oh so good
Baby if it keeps a-shaking
It will do you good, oh so much good

With a little bit of stop-a-shakin' shakin'
And a little bit of ?fly right down?
And a little bit of Sweet Co-Connie
It makes me feel, makes me feel
I got my feet on the ground

Ooh now baby, when you move it makes me
Really feel so good, oh so good
And I'm so glad, so glad, so glad, so glad
And I'm good, oh, so good
With a little bit of concentration
And a little bit of helping hand
And a little bit of ?saving madness?
You know it makes me feel, baby
I'm back on the ground oh yes, sure does
It makes me feel back on the ground.

I'm feelin' good child!
Down on the ground.
Sha la la la... Well there's a light in your eye that keeps shining
Like a star that can't wait for the night
I hate to think I've been blinded baby
Why can't I see you tonight?

And the warmth of your smile starts a-burning
And the thrill of your touch gives me fright
And I'm shaking so much, really yearning
Why don't you show up, make it all right?
Yeah, it's all right

And if you promised you'd love so completely
And you said you would always be true
You swore that you never would leave me, baby
What ever happened to you?

And you thought it was only in movies
As you wish all your dreams would come true
It ain't the first time believe me, baby
I'm standing here feeling blue
Yeah I'm blue

Now I will stand in the rain on the corner
I'll watch the people go shuffling downtown
Another ten minutes no longer
And then I'm turning around

The clock on the wall's moving slower
My heart it sinks to the ground
And the storm that I thought would blow over
Clouds the light of the love that I found
Light of the love that I found
Light of the love that I found
Oh, that I found

Hey, babe
Whoa, hands on the clock
Just don't seem to stop when I'm thinking it over
Whoa, tired of the light
I just don't seem to find
Gotta get away, get away
Whoa, I see it in my dreams
But I just don't seem to be
I've got to get all, gotta get it all
Gotta get it all, I've got to get all

Now my body is starting to quiver
And the palms of my hands getting wet
I've got no reason to doubt you baby
It's all a terrible mess

I'll run in the rain till I'm breathless
When I'm breathless I'll run till I drop, hey
The thoughts of a fool's kind of careless
I'm just a fool waiting on the wrong block, oh yeah
Light of the love that I found

Light of the love that I found
Light of the love that I found
Light of the love that I
Light of the love that I found
Light of the, hey, eh, light of the, hey, eh
Light of the love that I found
Light of the love that I found Well I just got into town today 
To find my girl who's gone away 
She took the Greyhound at the General Store 
I searched myself I searched the town 
When I finally did sit down 
I find myself no wiser than before 

She said we couldn't do no wrong 
No other love could be so strong 
She locked up my heart in her bottom drawer 
Now she took my heart she took my keys 
From in my old blue dungarees 
And I'll never go to Texas anymore 
 Now my baby's gone I don't know what to do 
She took my love and walked right out the door 
And if I ever find that girl I know one thing for sure 
I'm gonna give her something like she never had before 

I took her love at seventeen 
A little late these days it seems 
But they said heaven is well worth waiting for 
I took her word I took it all 
Beneath the sign that said U-haul 
She left angels hangin round for more 



I thought I had it all sewn up 
Our love, a plot, a pick-up truck 
But folks said she was after something more 
I never did quite understand 
All that talk about rockin' bands 
But they just rolled my doll right out the door 
Oh yeah, they just rolled my doll right out the door! Sisters of the way-side bide their time in quiet peace, 
Await their place within the ring of calm 
Still stand to turn in seconds of release, 
Await the call they know may never come. 
In times of lightness, no intruder dared upon 
To jeopardize the course, upset the run 
And all was joy and hands were raised toward the sun 
As love in the halls of plenty overrun. 

Still in their bliss unchallenged mighty feast, 
Unending dances shadowed on the day. 
Within their walls, their daunting formless keep, 
Preserved their joy and kept their doubts at bay. 
Faceless legions stood in readiness to weep, 
Just turn a coin, bring order to the fray 
And everything is soon no sooner thought than deed, 
But no one seemed to question in anyway. 

How keen the storied hunter's eye prevails upon the land 
To seek the unsuspecting and the weak 
And powerless the fabled sat, too smug to lift a hand 
Toward the foe that threatened from the deep. 
Who cares to dry the cheeks of those who saddened stand 
Adrift upon a sea of futile speech? 
And to fall to fate and make the 'status plan' 
Where was your word, where did you go? 
Where was your helping, where was your bow? Bow. 
Dull is the armour, cold is the day. 
Hard was the journey, dark was the way. Way. 
I heard the word I couldn't stay. Oh. 
I couldn't stand it another day, another day, 
Another day, another day. 

Touched by the timely coming, 
Roused from the keeper's sleep, 
Release the grip, throw down the key. 

Held now within the knowing, 
Rest now within the peace. 
Take of the fruit, but guard the seed. 

They had to stay! 

Held now within the knowing, 
Rest now within the beat. 
Take of the fruit, but guard the seed... Should I fall out of love, my fire in the light
To chase a feather in the wind
Within the glow that weaves a cloak of delight
There moves a thread that has no end

For many hours and days that pass ever soon
The tides have caused the flame to dim
At last the arm is straight, the hand to the loom
Is this to end or just begin?

All of my love, all of my love
All of my love to you now
All of my love, all of my love
All of my love to you now

The cup is raised, the toast is made yet again
One voice is clear above the din
Proud Arianne one word, my will to sustain
For me, the cloth once more to spin

All of my love, all of my love
All of my love for you now
All of my love, all of my love
All of my love to you child

Yours is the cloth, mine is the hand that sews time
His is the force that lies within
Ours is the fire, all the warmth we can find
He is a feather in the wind

All of my love, all of my love
All of my love to you now
All of my love, oh, yes
All of my love to you now

All of my love, all of my love
All of my love love

Sometimes, sometimes
Sometimes, sometimes

All of my love, all of my love
All of my love to you now

All of my love, all of my love
All of my love to to you, you, you

I get a little bit lonely
Just a little, just a little
Just a little bit lonely
Just a little bit lonely Oh she's my baby, Let me tell you why 
Hey, she drives me crazy, She's the apple of my eye 
'Cause she is my girl, And she can never do wrong 
If I dream too much at night, Somebody please bring me down 

Hey, I love that little lady, I got to be her fool 
Ain't no other like my baby, I can break the golden rule 
'Cause I get down on my knees, Oh, I pray that love won't die 
And if I always try to please, I don't know the reason why, yeah 

If she would come back, Only stay with me 

Every little bit of my love, etc., I give to you girl 

I don't have to go by plane 
I ain't gotta go by car 
I don't care just where my darling is 
People I just don't care how far 
I'm gonna crawl 
I don't care if I got to go back home 
I don't care what I got to stand to her back 
I'm gonna crawl 
I'm gonna move the car, baby 
She give me good lovin 
Yes I love her, I guess I love her 
I'm gonna crawl. Hear my baby comin' down the track 
Betcha my baby's comin' back 
Someday she'll get back to me 
We're gonna raise a family 

We're gonna groove, Yeah groove 
Yeah we're gonna groove 

We're gonna love... until the break of day 

Sweet as sweet as sweet can be 
You don't know whatcha do to me 
Let me say you're my one desire 
You just set my soul on fire 

Oh we're gonna groove,Yeah groove 
Yeah we're gonna groove 
We gonna love... until the break of day 

Sweet as sweet as sweet can be 
Lemme tell ya you don't know whatcha do to me 
You just set my soul on fire 
Woman you know you're my one desire... 

We gonna groove... [repeat] Here's a tale of Tom 
Who worked the railroads long
His wife would cook his meal
As he would change the wheel

Poor Tom, Seventh Son, Always knew what's goin on 
Ain't a thing that you can hide from Tom 
There ain't nothing that you can hide from Tom 

Worked for thirty years 
Sharing hopes and fears 
Dreamin' of the day 
He could turn and say 

Poor Tom, work's done, been lazin' out in the noonday sun 

Ain't a thing that you can hide from Tom 

His wife was Annie Mae 
With any man a game she'd play
When Tom was out of town 
She couldn't keep her dress down 

Poor Tom, Seventh Son, always knew what's goin on 

Ain't a thing that you can hide from Tom 

And so it was one day 
People got to Annie Mae (?) 
Tom stood, a gun in his hand 
And stopped her runnin' around 

Poor Tom, Seventh Son, gotta die for what you've done 

All those years of work are thrown away 
To ease your mind is that all you can say? 

But what about that grandson on your knee? 
Them railroad songs, Tom would sing to me

Ain't nothing that you can hide from Tom 

Keep-a Truckin' I can't quit you babe 
Woman I think I'm gonna put you down for a little while 
I can't quit you babe 
I... think I'm gonna put you down for a while 
I said you messed up my happy home 
Made me mistreat my only child 

You built my hopes so high 
Baby then you let me down so low 
You built my hopes so high then ya let me down... so low 
Don'tcha realize sweet baby? 
Woman I don't know... which way to go 

Woman I can't quit you babe 
I think I'm gonna put you down for a while Ooh...know I  feel so strange looking out the door 
oooh...tryin hard to change but can't let go 
oooh...cryin' tears of pain and more and more 
oooh...everyday is the same as the one before 

I'm walkin the floor over you 
I'm walkin the floor 

Every heart that breaks is a heart that's cold 
To the hand that takes your dreamless soul

Ooh...Is it long to wait, is it much to pay? 
oooh...Sometimes it's hard waiting for the day.

you know it's hard. I said it's hard 
You know it's true. I said it's hard 
you know it's hard. You know it's true 

Every tear that falls is a smile that's lost
When you hear the call can you count the cost?
As you stand alone do you wonder how?
Can you step aside, does it matter now?

Every love that's changed ?-?-?
In the eye of the night  ?-?-?
In the day everything ?-?-?
She was smilin' a tear at her waters fall ?? 

you know it's true. You know it's true now 

I'm walkin the floor over you 
I'm walkin' the floor 
Every tear that falls is a smile that's lost
When you hear the call can you count the cost?
As you stand alone do you wonder how?
Can you step aside, does it matter now?

Does it matter now? [repeat] I hear ya knock on my door 
I ain't been saving this scene for ya honey 
Don't wantcha ringin my bell 
It's too late for you to be my honey 

ooh, it's my love 
ooh, it's my own true love [X2]

Don't want you wasting my time 
Tired of ya doing the things that you do 
It's no use standing in line 
Follow the line, you better follow queue 

I say, ooooh, it's my love 
oooh, it's my own true love [X2]

I could sail a river run dead, but I know it's dead
I could I wish for a million, yeah. But I know it's dead
I could cry within the darkness, I sail away 
I save a lifetime forever
But you know, you know, you know what I say 

And I say Ooh, it's my love 
Oooh, it's my own true love [repeat] Darlene, oooh Darlene, oooh Darlene, 
Darlene, oh oh Darlene, oh oh Darlene 
oooh Come on baby give me some 

When I see you at that dance with your tight dress on 
Whatcha got it sure is fine 
I wanna get me some 

Darlene, woooh baby baby Darlene, oooh be my baby Darlene, 
ooh, come on baby... be my baby 

Darlene, ooh, Darlene, hey! hey! Darlene, oh oh 
Come back and be my sweet little girl 
When I see you on the street, it makes my heart go flitter 
I see you walkin with all those guys 
It makes me feel so sick 

And I don't care what people say 
And I don't care what they do 
Sweet child I gotta make you mine 
You're the only thing that I want: You! 
Baby Baby when you walk down the block, 
See the people (??) 
Woooh! Child! Oh ya drive me wild! 
I gotta do it really gonna try 

Oh baby, I got my car 
I'll take you as far 
I'm gonna take you every place 
I'm gonna boogie-woogie-woogie-woogie that's fine 

I'm gonna prove it, Darlene 
I'm gonna make ya my girl 
I'm gonna boogie, Darlene 
I'm gonna send ya in another world 

Cause I love Darlene, I gotta love 'er, Yes I do 
I've been savin all my money 
I've been workin all day long 
I gotta give it all back to you! It starts out like a murmur 
Then it grows like thunder 
Until it bursts inside of you 
Try to hold it steady 
Wait until you're ready 
Any second now will do 
Throw the door wide open 
Not a word is spoken 
Anything that you want to do 

Ya know, ya know, ya know... 

Don't you feel the same way? 
Don't you feel the same way? 
But you don't know what to do 
No time for hesitatin' 
Ain't no time for hesitatin' 
All you got to do is move 
They say you're feeling blue, well 
I just found a cure 
It's a thing you gotta do, yeah 

Ya know, ya know, ya know... 

Now listen: You say your body's aching? 
I know that it's aching 
Chill bumps come up on you 
Yeah, the funny fool 
I love the funny fool 
?Just like foolin' after school? 
And then you ask for medication 
Who cares for medication 
When you've worn away the cure 

Ya know, ya know, ya know... 
Go back to the country 
Yeah, go back to the country 
Feel a change is good for you 
When you keep convincin' 
Ah, don't keep convincin' 
What's that creeping up behind a you? 
It's just an old friend 
It's just an old friend 
And what's that he's got for you? 

Ya know, ya know, ya know... 

Do your dance do your dance do your dance 
Oooooh, medication. Medication! Medication! There was a time, I used to call you on my very own 
We were so happy woman, Talkin' for hours and hours on the telephone 

Then one day, I set you up to walk right outta my life 
Leavin' me all by myself, All alone, to cry every night 

(Babe...) oooh, I want you to come back home yeah (come on home) 
(oooh yeah) Sweet little girl (ooh yeah, been gone so long) 
been away so long 

Now listen to me: I said I made up my mind 
Woman when you left me there, oh 
I was gonna find another sweet lover 
Who's gonna feel all of my... cares 

So I met a sweet little girl, Just about as nice as she could be, oh 
I fell in love with that woman, But she turned around, 
and did the same thing again to me... 

(Babe...) Baby, please come home (come on home) hoome yeah... 
I know, (ya been gone too long) been away so long 
(Babe...) I want you to please come home, oh (come on hooome...) 

So I made up my mind, I gonna crawl right back to you woman 
I'm gonna plead and plead and plead, yeah, 'Till you're here by my side 
I can't even walk down the same old streets we used to walk down 
'Cause I keep thinkin about all the good times 
Keep thinkin' about it, I wanna make you mine 

Babe, babe, babe, please (come on home, yeah) (come on home) 
(You've been gone too long) Asked sweet mama, Let me be her kid 
She said, You might get hurt if you don't keep it hid 

Well I know my baby, If I see her in the dark 
I said I know my rider, If I see her in the dark 

Now, I goin' to Rosedale, Take my rider by my side 
Still barrelhouse, If it's on the riverside, yeah 
I know my baby, Lord, I said, is really sloppy drunk 
I know my mama, Lord, a brownskin, but she ain't no plum 

See my baby, tell her, Tell her hurry home 
Had no lovin', since my baby been gone 
See my baby, Tell hurry on home 
I ain't had, Lord, my right mind, Since my rider's been gone 

Hey, she promises, She's my rider 
I wanna tell you, She's my rider 
I know you're mine, She's my rider 
She ain't but sixteen, But she's my rider 

I'm goin' to Rosedale, Take my rider by side 
Anybody argue with me man, I'll keep them satisfied 
Well, see my baby, tell her, Tell her the shape I'm in 
Ain't had no lovin', Lord, since you know when 

Spoken: Why don't you come into my kitchen 

She's a kindhearted lady. She studies evil all the time 
She's a kindhearted woman. She studies evil all the time 

Squeeze my lemon 'til the juice runs down my leg 
Squeeze it so hard, I'll fall right out of bed 
Squeeze my lemon, 'til the juice runs down my leg 

Spoken: I wonder if you know what I'm talkin' about 

Oh, but the way that you squeeze it girl 
I swear I'm gonna fall right out of bed 

She's a good rider 
She's my kindhearted lady 
I'm gonna take my rider by my side 
I said her front teeth are lined with gold 
She's gotta mortgage on my body, got a lien on my soul 
She's my brownskin sugar plum... Wanna tell you about the girl I love 
My she looks so fine 
She's the only one that I been dreamin' of 
Maybe someday she will be all mine 
I wanna tell her that I love her so 
I thrill with her every touch 
I need to tell her she's the only one I really love 

I got a woman, wanna ball all day 
I got a woman, she won't be true, no 
I got a woman, stay drunk all the time 
I said I got a little woman and she won't be true 

Sunday morning when we go down to church 
See the menfolk standin' in line 
Don't say they come to pray to the Lord,
Not when my little girl looks so fine
and in the evening when the sun is sinkin' low 
Everybody's with the one they love 
I walk the town, keep a-searchin' all around 
Lookin' for my street corner girl 

I got a woman, wanna ball all day 
I got a woman, she won't be true, no no 
I got a woman, stay drunk all the time 
I said I got a little woman and she won't be true 

In the bars, with the men who play guitars 
Singin', drinkin' and rememberin' the times 
My little lover does a midnight shift 
She followed around all of the time
I guess there's just one thing a-left for me to do 
Gonna pack my bags and move on my way 
'Cause I got a worried mind 
Sharin' what I thought was mine 
Gonna leave her where the guitars play 

I got a woman, she won't be true, no no 
I got a woman, wanna ball all day 
I got a woman, stay drunk all the time 
I got a little woman and she won't be true 

(Hey, hey, what can I do?)
I said she won't be true, no
Yeah, no, yeah, no, yeah, no, yeah, no

Ah!

(Hey hey what can I do) 

I said she won't be true 
Oh, keep on, keep on, keep on

(Hey hey, what can I say?) 
Oh, keep on, keep on, keep on

Hey hey, what can I do 
I got a woman, she won't be true 
Lord, hear what I say 
I got a woman, wanna ball all day If it keeps on raining, levee's going to break.
If it keeps on raining, levee's going to break.
When the levee breaks, have no place to stay.

I worked on the levee, mama goin' night and day.
I worked on the levee, mama goin' night and day.
Never worked so hard, levee's wonderin' away.
Oh no, oh no. Oh no, oh no.

Mean old levee, taught me to weep and moan.
Mean old levee, taught me to weep and moan.
It's got what it takes, gotta leave his home.

Crying won't help you, prayin' won't do you no good.
Crying won't help you, mama prayin' won't do you no good.
When the levee breaks, baby you've gotta move, gotta move now.

Keep on cryin', keep on truckin' along.
Keep on grindin', keep on truckin' along.
Been diggin' thousand years, like she never ever comin' home, oh well now.

Goin' home, goin' home,
Goin' home, goin' home,
Goin' home, goin' home, goin' home,
Goin' home, goin' home, goin' home,
Goin' home, goin' home, goin' home. Sugar mama, sugar mama, sugar mama, where've you been,
Sugar mama, sugar mama, sugar mama, where've you been.
Sugar mama, sugar mama.
So you love me sugar mama and I'll never let you go.

Sugar mama, sugar mama, sugar mama, know your name,
Sugar mama, sugar mama, sugar mama, drive me insane-hane.
Sugar mama, gonna love you while I can.

So you love me sugar mama and I'll never let you go.
So you love me sugar mama and I'll never let you go. All you pretty women, sittin' out all night long,
I gotta tell you baby, you gonna seduce me all night long,
Bring it on home, bring it on home, bring it on home.

Keep on messin' me baby, keep messin' me around,
Come home with the mornin' sun, boogie all night,
Bring it on home, bring it on home, ooh bring it on home.
Alright.

I don't care sweet baby, what your money's sayin',
I'm gonna give you sweet lovin' cryin' your gonna, boogie night and day,
Bring it on home, bring it on home, bring it on home, bring it on home.
Home, home, home, home, home, ooh yeah.
You got it, you got it. Sunshine brings laughter,
Rainclouds brings me down.
I know forever after,
I need the light, keep me ground.
Whoa mama, I get so lonely.
In the rain, feel so blue
I want you to remember, I'm your one and only, woman.
Hey baby, hey baby, love you true!

Dream boy, on the river.
Oh blue skies, on my mind.
Ah the fields, seemed to glitter.
I know, I know, will bring you down!

Ah baby, I've got some thinking.
Whoa mama, strip my mind.
Hey baby, I took a drinking.
I know, I know come around!

In the light, in the light,

Oh girl, stop your crying.
Oh woman, dry your eyes.
Whoa tomorrow, the sun will be shining.
You won't remember all the tears you cried!

Hey baby, I think you wonder.
Hey baby, tears of joy.
Woman, tears of laughter.
Sweet ma, sweet ma, I'm coming home!
's all you got to do yeah!

With the light.
Everybody needs the light.

The light, 
's all you got to do now!

Light, light, light, in the light!
Light, light, light, in the light! Oh, look over there 
Here she comes 
Here comes that girl again 
One that I know since I don't know when 
But she don't notice me, when I pass 
She goes with all the guys who are out of my class 
But that can't stop me from thinkin' to myself 
She's sure fine lookin' man, she's something else. 

Hey, look over there 
Across the street 
There's a car just right for me 
Took on a quality of luxery 
But right now I can't afford the gas 
I guess the cars right out of my class 
But that can't stop me from thinkin' to myself 
That cars fine lookin' man, it something else. 

Hey, look-a here 
Just wait and see 
I'm gonna work hard and save my dough 
Gonna buy the car 
Get me that girl and go ridin' around 
We'll go to the shop a right block down 
I'll keep on right on dreamin' and thinkin' to myself 
If it all comes true man, wow, that's something else. 

Look a-here 
What's all this 
Never thought I'd do this before 
But here I am a-knockin' on a door 
My cars out front 
And it's all mine 
Justa 41 ford not a 59 
I've got that girl and I'm a thinkin' to myself 
She's sure fine lookin' man, wow, she's something else. Whoah, the girl I love, she got long black wavy hair
I do declare!
The girl I love, yeah, she got long black wavy hair,
Ah yeah,
Her Mother and her Father, Lordy,
They sure don't, sure don't allow me there.

Well I, I'm goin' back to my baby, Lord I,
I swear I wouldn't lie, yeah
I never saw that sweet woman yeah in-a
A-five long years gone by, yeah.
Well I'm goin' home, I'm goin' home
'Cause she's a sweet little darlin', ah
I said I been away, ahh-far too long,
I been away too long.

Take it Jimmy!

Well, my baby when...
She shakes just like a willow tree,
Yes she does.
My baby, when she walks, ya know
She shakes like a willow tree, yeah.
Ah-that mean, mistreatin' baby she know she
Harps, harps all over me.
Oooh.

Yeah!
Alright!
Harps over me...